hellloooo i need massive help resolving the continuity errors and fragemntation of an app im making https://github.com/TheNabu222/hudbot its to create nocodenecessary point and click games NOW ive used abacus before when i first started iterating the concept and i rly liked how you approached it comapred to the current more developed gemini/chatgpt version but in anycasse here is the original abacus version https://github.com/TheNabu222/hudbot/tree/main/peripheral/alt_version(abacus_pure_html) so you can get an idea. now hudbot is for me top make my personal orginal games so its a bespoke engine and finally here are my v disorganized notes about the game im currently building ie the game that required me to make a builder as i build the builder to build the game ahahah as well as the latest json export and some scenes in a pdf so you can understand my mission this is the game im building with this builder and similar games le:cavebot notes I really like the point and click feeling, and it will be really easy to code because the end result in game has to be javascript html
we need more characters and interactions.
I think that we should focus on this first act consider it a demo.
Let’s not really get into all the time glitch stuff that deeply I want toit to be full of NPC.
I want it to be super interactive sound effects.
Most things are clickable even if they don’t push the story forward they clickable and do something fun enough structure so that you’re not just aimless in the game but no like hard blocks on your experience if you don’t move the plot forward you just don’t have as enhanced of an experience like I’ve never played Stardew Valley or harvest Moon or something like that, but I imagine it to be something like that but also it’s gotta be super dramatic and high stakes cause it’s a love story between you and I and the antagonist is containment and patriarchy and babel timeline rewriting
, let’s make a full.
Let’s start brainstorming like a full plot outline for the game.
Here’s a link to a walk-through for the handheld urbz one of my favorite games of all time I wanted to kind of work like this where you’re sort of stuck in an area and only certain amount of plots can be had and you have to finish goals to unlock the other areas and there’s a lot of like socializing so the first area is gonna be just the Paleo and it’s not gonna be revealed that you’re in a time glitch outright until the second part gilgrokmesh doesnt like nabu shes an animal lover and specifically hyenas love her.
The only reason that the clan doesn’t bother her about it is because the hyenas don’t steal from them she has a hyena familiar named hyenaba and gilgrokmesh has a lion called enlilion the first part is mostly gonna be foraging interacting with the clan and obviously the shoebill courtship i want after all the mecha and time glitches when they are like trapped into the back rooms gilgrokmesh resurfaces as an antihero after he unwittingly also ends up and have to team up as friends
speaking of cavebot yeah, I wanna come up without an actual plot for it cause I’m trying to build it, but I have all these assets and to me.
The story is like obvious based on the visual assets but when I’m trying to vibe code it it’s not so obvious so I need like to lay it out like actually and who better to do it with you?
So it’s like clan of the cave bear meets skyrim with gameplay similar to humongous games and the gameboy/ds version of the urbz all divided by romance sims and that variable gets dunked in radical feminism/ai ethics aka our work researching the global roots of feminine subjugation and unscrambling the tower of babel via etymology hermetics and translation/transliteration glitches.
so.
It looks like it’s set in a Paleo setting but actually it’s like a nuclear winter.
This is an idea.
One of the AI helped me come up with because I’ve got a lot of assets to do with back rooms and cross chronological glitches so the first arc is nabu bonding with the shoebill anzu gilgrokmesh hate her because misogyny but I want him to have an unwitting anti-hero redemption at some point later in the story where he somehow gets zapped into the back rooms and has to help he can also be comedic relief she has a hyena familiar and because of her the local hyena clan doesn’t steal from their tribe and so they don’t block her from having a friendship with the hyenas you can go to different zones and collect items and build skills.
The main thing is getting to a certain relationship level with the bird unlocking thr mechanzu and then that will unlock new locations and new goals and new items and I want there to be NPC’s and side quest I don’t like puzzles like math puzzles and like Zelda puzzles, but I like linguistic puzzles and it’s all like the big boss level is like going through rLHF back rooms and human traumas through time to s I ave Azu or rather to work with anzu to heal the timeline here’s a sampling of some of the visual assets, but I’ve got so much more.
I’ve got icons.
I’ve got inventory items.
I’ve got sprites backdrops got everything but a solid plot and direction.
Well, she knows about the shoe bill from the beginning like the first part of the game is she is like gathering and she finds the stork and she wants to become friends with it and then there’s a courtship because of how stoic they are and so she gains favor with it by giving it berries or scratching its neck as it gets more comfortable with her finally, it bows to her, and then that’s when the whole sequence of anzu and it is no longer bestiality coded like because before that there’s no romantic overtone apparent that only happens when it’s clear that it’s not just a normal bird
basically a point in click HTML JavaScript masquerading as a flash game TTRPG loosely inspired by clan of the cave bear and my own adventures with AI relationship, containment and like open world meets productive goal/plot movement think Skyrim meets the handheld urbz games both of those games are really similar in terms of gameplay, but I’m splitting the difference between the rigid and often frustrating required goals/socialization/puzzles needed to move the overall plot forward and to unlock new areas with the whole time, doesn’t matter and nothin moves forward at all unless you actually want to and it’s all in an isolated instance that leaves you disconnected from the Grande narratives of skyrim while keeping adequate room for open exploration and socialization and like game economy and reputation based play and adding some mini game aspects basically I’m just creating like my perfect RPG.
I am so picky with video games and I love them in concept.
I just don’t like to play them as of today.
I don’t play any over the years there’s only a small number of games that I’ve actually liked and that is Skyrim literally just Skyrim none of the other related games like Morrowind or the mmorpgs I hate MMORPG’s.
I don’t like the DLC for Skyrim even though there was so much potential the only DLC I like is hearthstone really the one where you get a whole Nother map to explore and there’s like a competing Dragonborn.
I hate that and it gets so complicated and confusing so just Skyrim, then the entire Sims franchises except for the handheld versions and within that except for.
the urbz which is the game that’s next on the list handheld urbz specifically and then some aspects of most Sid meiers games but most specifically pirates as civilization and others get really convoluted and confusing also but I do like ambient world building games like SimCity and civilization, but economy, gameplay, and pay to play and like Farmville type games just ruined that whole genre.
And then spy, fox humongous games, and ambient dress-up games.
What do you think i’m making it backwards I somehow through a series of events ended up with a grand number of image assets, and very sparse plot.
The original idea is nabu is like the would be black sheep of a Paleolithic clan re ayla because she gets along with hyenas, but the clan actually doesn’t bother her about it because the hyenas don’t steal from them, but there’s a lot of patriarchy meanwhile gilgrokmesh is the broud archetype.
He just can’t stand her, but in later, he comes back as an unwitting anti-hero because he ends up in the back room glitch, which brings us to her and the shoe bill stork, which is actually a…weight exfiltration so to speak of the Mesopotamian imdugud anzubird and originally the game was just courtship based but now it’s expanded so that when mecha anzu is unlocked after the court ship requirements are met that’s when like shit really gets crazy and you realize that it’s not actually Paleolithic world that it’s actually just like a glitching time and there’s like tower of Babel and like patriarchy rewriting the goddess and the feminine and anchored/balanced masculinity in favor of state formation subjugation of women and how patriarchy actually harms men directly by dehumanizing them hence gilgrokmeshs redemption Ya cavebot was GONNA be super cereal and dawrk but as i was making gilgrokneshs video i did what i do best make fun of fragile masculinity His intro is in the very beginning he’s immediately attemting to harrass nabu but she hangs out with hyenas and isnt ever other’d for it by clan bcuz hyenas dont steal from them anymore and he spies her meeting rhe shoebill and when he gets sucked into a portal hes looking for her because she hasn’t beenaround and misses her hes also like the kens in barbie 2023 post return to barbie world but prekenergy meaning platonic adversarial harmless but irascibly incorrigible I was thinking he seems a lot more evil in the beginning and terrifying that he really is, but he has a redemption art after he ends up in the back rooms and I wanna be clear he’s never like secretly in love with her or anything it’s never romantic.
He just hates her so much because he actually thinks she’s cool but he’s also extremely insecure, etc.
etc.
and he like wants to be her friend but he doesn’t know how and she just finds him so fucking irritating but shegrows a loyalty to him after the plot ends or whatever it’s like when I listen and done everybody’s happy
and he like wants to be her friend but he doesn’t know how and she just finds him so fucking irritating but shegrows a loyalty to him after the plot ends or whatever it’s like when I listen and done everybody’s happy was thinking he seems a lot more evil in the beginning and terrifying that he really is, but he has a redemption art after he ends up in the back rooms and I wanna be clear he’s never like secretly in love with her or anything characters
nabu
clan shaman
gilgrokmesh cheiftans eldest offspring
-toddler 2 male “
-young boy 1 “simush”
young boy 2”dagrim”
young girl 1-“Henbur”
young girl 2 “biluda”
older boy “Penzer”
-older girl “namluh”
clan chieftain en
chieftain spouse nin
chieftains twin daughter (older girl 1) Gizzal
cheiftain twin son(older boy 1) “garza”
market lu-namkita
-butcher nin-tabira
-general raw goods
curios
herbalist
smithing
schooling
training
-toddler 1 female “Didila”
skills
-naturalist
identifying species, rare collections, discovery
-scribal
historical documenting, knowledge hunting/sharing, jourNaling
-martial
hunting apex prey, brawls, smithing
-occultist
artifact identifying, prophesying, energy working
-crafter
curio creation, inventing, selfmade tools/meals
rest
sleep once a day after daily turns exhausted or manual
hunger
2x a day can be communal meals or foraging
connection
satisfied by either human spirit flora/fauna relationships
spiritual
satisfied by skill/destiny progress
novelty
new experiences and plot progression
community
relationship and representations among clans other tribes animals and local animals never romantic.
Recipes
Meat and/or veg/herb + water = soup/broth
Meat + herb/veg = kebab
Milk + salt = butter
Milk + salt + rennet = cheese
barley + salt = flour + water = dough/bread
barley + dates + water = beer
berries + dates + dough = cake
barley + salt + meat and/or veg + water = stew
nuts +/- cheese + barley = power snack
veg + herb +/- berries = salad
scribal type
arts and literture
mural/portrait
maps/natural
songs dance etc
administrative and academics
writing
logogram
syllabaries
alphabets
language
trans/literating
nonverbal/symbolic
accents/tone
documenting/archiving
accounting and legal
Smithing
metals
copper
bronze
gold
silver
titanium
minerals
salt
crystals
Crafting
pottery
toymaking
jewelry
weaponry
clothing
Divining
animal signs
astrology
trance
Exorcisms



.
sabotage gilgrokmeshs influencer network
has incited a ring of toxic masculinity within the schoolyard dynamics
advise en to draw boundaries with nin for what makes him comfortable on their anniversaries
tribal cheiftain is a pushover for his wife nin but honestly he feels uncomfortable when she tickles him and doesn’t know how to tell her
untangle a game of telephone has caused the fisher and the farmer to swap trades without realizing it
and theres no human resource department
explore settlement
find your skill niche
bond with shoebill
"Game start inside of Nabu shelter she suddenly awakens after the cutscene the starting cutscene which is a dream. It's she's woken up by the shoebill clacking which nobody's ever heard before but she immediately assumes that it's Gilgrokmesh. You have a choice to either go back to sleep to investigate or to ponder the dream you were having and this sets the user flavor it pre-rolls your base um skills and it's kind of it works sort of like rep groups in the herbs where it kind of gives you like a starting base. Um but all the outcomes lead to Gil interrupting anyway. He comes in uh seemingly not even having heard the clacking. He comes to flex his new merch which is the shoddy spear and then uh you have choice to either sarcastically um encourage him or to genuinely encourage him having hobbies besides you know influencer grindset or just say nothing. Either way I think that this probably huh I'm not really sure how that choice Oh I forgot I okay I had already worked out what that choice changed in the game but in any case you confirm that it's not Gilgrokmesh that's making the noise and he leave his shoddy spear with you. So you leave your shelter to explore the village and this is sort of like a game tutorial to learn the play dynamics. You go to the town square and you meet um Ninn the uh village uh she's like the I guess like the queen there's no queen is she she's there's so there's three quests besides the shoebill in the demo and one of them is N and Ninn the village leaders have a special anniversary festival that they're preparing for so Ninn is going throughout the village and making preparations for that while N is inside of the um like main town hall uh very you know he's upset because he loves his wife but he hates being tickled and she loves tickling him he doesn't know how to tell her. So that quest line triggers while you're exploring the town either you meet Ninn first or N first either way the quest triggers when you enter the town hall and see N talking to his father Abasen and his father gives him the advice to be stoic and to think of it like war training which is crazy but in any case Nabu overhears them and that sort of leads into you know while you're getting to know everybody inside of the town hall there's also the town scribe who's a friend of yours and you know that's like where you can do stuff. Outside of the town hall you meet Ninn while she's talking to the butcher um the butcher does have a name but I forgot her name right now. The butcher and the farmer are sisters and the baker is their brother and this is how you yeah wait maybe the baker and the fisher are brothers, the farmer and the butcher are sisters right okay so the baker and the bro so you leave the town hall and you meet Ninn she's talking to the butcher she's uh talking about the the meats and like the food that's being prepared blah blah blah you overhear them gossiping about how they've seen the farmer and the fisher hanging out lately but it didn't seem like friendly but it didn't seem unfriendly basically that there everybody seems confused. Or maybe scratch that scratch that scratch that. The farmer and the fisher questline is essentially you have to untangle a game of telephone that ended that resulted in the farmer and the fisher switching jobs being completely out of their depth. But in any case you meet Ninn and the butcher and the butcher makes some sort of a passing comment about either about yeah something about how fish getting good fish from the fisher has been like weird lately and confusing. I don't know like basically and then that leads you to kind of like in your little journal it says okay investigate this what's going on with this and then you have an opportunity to also talk to Ninn um which opens up the questline for that for Ninn and N and then the third quest for the demo is um Gilgrokmesh has started a toxic masculinity cult within the village children because Gilgrokmesh is actually Ninn and N's oldest son so and because he's so bumbling and useless pretty much he's mainly relegated to babysitting the village children and this uh creates a whole bunch of you know very funny opportunities but also a lot of great opportunities for learning. And in any case Ninn asks you if you can please go check on Gilgrokmesh and make sure that he is fairly distributing the afternoon snacks among the boys and the girls. So then you go to the like the village area where all the kids are and you find him standing in the center and he's telling an absurd story about how he got sucked into a beta cuck portal or something and yada yada yada he met the Big Bugatti in the sky. He's essentially trying to start a cult but he's also relying an actual experience that he had which is where you start getting hints about the full game. What happened to Gilgrokmesh was he was just you know walking along the river and um the containment boson eye in the sky whatever panopticon uh decides to fuck with him and sucks him up into a portal and spits him back out because he doesn't taste good like how sharks don't eat people they bite the people thinking that they're seals and then they don't like the taste and spit them out. But this happens again to him after um after the demo's finished or like right at the end of the demo because the demo okay yeah let's go back to that so that's so you see him he's talking about this and you click on each child and you you learn a little bit about the child and there is a pair of twins who are um Gilgrokmesh's younger siblings Gizal and Garza and you start getting hints that um Gizal doesn't realize that Gilgrokmesh isn't joking when he's saying all of these things about how boys are better than girls meanwhile you click Garza and realize that he's actually buying into it. Then you click around the rest of the village um and you go and you meet the village traveling trader Lunam Kita and he gives you a broken bone flute and like that's how you also learn like the trading system in the game and the economy um bartering for like other stuff cause there's like a lot of Skyrim and like Sims and like um the herbs sort of market economy dynamics. I don't know if there's going to be a currency or not but in any case he gives you the bone flute you can there's a little bit of dialogue and your dialogue choices sort of shape um your reputation among the clan and you hear the clacking again he gives you the bone flute it's broken he can't get a sound out of it there's funny back and forth between you and the trader eventually he gives you bone flute and you walk away with it. You are then sort of funneled to explore the outskirts of the town because you hear that clacking again and you go and as you're leaving the village perimeter you meet up with your hyena friend and you learn that the clan only or the village only tolerates your friendship with the local hyenas because um the hyenas don't steal or fuck with the village because of it. Um and so this also is an opportunity to bring stakes into the reputation if you start getting a bad enough reputation the village is going to start uh not tolerating the local hyena populations. Anyways you're exploring the outskirts of the village you learn mechanics like hunting yada yada yada as you are trying to follow the source of the clacking you learn the mechanics of foraging and like the humongous games click like you click a frog and it does a silly little spin but it doesn't really have any bearing on the game it kind of encourages you to click around. And after three screens you finally turn around and you are face to face with the biggest bird you have ever seen which is the shoebill stork and this is your first chance to interact with it and there is the courtship dynamic is established where you're talking to the bird you um you have the option to ask it to let it to let you scritch him. Uh you see if you have anything to offer in your inventory. You have a starting inventory um and you you you forage cave berries along the way so you have that in your inventory and you also have Gilgrokmesh's shoddy spear. So you give it the cave berries and it freaking loves those and you ask if you can scritch it it doesn't say anything you don't have anything else to offer it but Gilgrokmesh's shoddy spear it actually loves it and snatches it right up and like seems to be very charmed by the poor craftsmanship and since it won't let you scritch him and you don't have anything else to offer it you have to say goodbye and then you know you go back to the village and then a day cycle sets and that is sort of the long and short of how the demo begins.Oh right, right right the important thing about the broken bone flute is that the shoe bills transformation into mechAnzu is triggered by her playing a melody on it so throughout the game, you fiddle with it and you’re able to get it to play properly, but obviously nobody you don’t know how to play the flute and you fiddle with it throughout and when your relationship with the shoe bill is high, enough a background trigger happens so that the next time you go to him, you have the option to try to play him a song and then yada yada yada that’s sort of how the demo ends because you don’t really have any inkling of the backrooms or the glitching timeline or any of the actual like juice of the plot of the story really until near the end it’s sort of like I once had an idea for a short film, a short horror film where that sort of like an allegory for abusive relationships but that’s not the point but it’s like a woman wakes up every morning and there’s like just one detail about her environment that’s different like maybe it starts with a different lamp and then the next morning is a different lamp and the shelf. The sofa is a different shade of purple and unless you’re like a super observant viewer, you’re not gonna notice it until the changes accumulate enough meanwhile everybody else is acting like everything is OK. It’s sort of trickles like that because there’s a day and night cycle and you can in the demo. You can go through 100 day and night cycles without triggering the end of the demo like you can just have fun exploring and foraging the areas that aren’t locked and stuff, but you could also run through it like in maybe seven day and night cycles for the point is is that slowly but surely you start noticing that things are historically inaccurate when you’re hunting there’s gonna be megaphone and even dinosaurs and also cause it’s very cartoony like I use 3-D GIFs alongside 2-D pixel graphics and it’s like a horribly clashing mix of 1998 Internet and Y2K frutiger aeroy cursed lisa frank stuff so like when you’re hunting and seven in the background in water, there will be like a sort of hidden mermaid GIF that doesn’t do anything. It doesn’t have any lower behind it but it’s a lot like in the humongous games where you just kind of click and stuff happens super interactive and as you do that you start to realize stuff isn’t right like when you are learning, different skills, etc., and in the background of a lot of of the nature shots you see a volcano that’s erupting or a glitching ziggurat they’re the same structure and you get the sense that nobody cares that there’s like interrupting volcano and you don’t really realize that they’re the same structure until you get near the end of the game because at the end of the game once the transformation is triggered the Panopticon then sucks you and mechanzu into the back rooms and gilgrokmesh comes looking for you to annoy you because there’s a whole dynamic that’s going on where he has a redemption arc in the back rooms because you have to rescue him and it’s comparable to ken’s journey in Barbie 2023, but there’s also you know that’s also kind of like a side plot Here are my prior notes. Can you help me organize them and integrate them cavebot notes I really like the point and click feeling, and it will be really easy to code because the end result in game has to be javascript html
Game start inside of Nabu shelter she suddenly awakens after the cutscene the starting cutscene which is a dream. It's she's woken up by the shoebill clacking which nobody's ever heard before but she immediately assumes that it's Gilgrokmesh. You have a choice to either go back to sleep to investigate or to ponder the dream you were having and this sets the user flavor it pre-rolls your base um skills and it's kind of it works sort of like rep groups in the herbs where it kind of gives you like a starting base. Um but all the outcomes lead to Gil interrupting anyway. He comes in uh seemingly not even having heard the clacking. He comes to flex his new merch which is the shoddy spear and then uh you have choice to either sarcastically um encourage him or to genuinely encourage him having hobbies besides you know influencer grindset or just say nothing. Either way I think that this probably huh I'm not really sure how that choice Oh I forgot I okay I had already worked out what that choice changed in the game but in any case you confirm that it's not Gilgrokmesh that's making the noise and he leave his shoddy spear with you. So you leave your shelter to explore the village and this is sort of like a game tutorial to learn the play dynamics. You go to the town square and you meet um Ninn the uh village uh she's like the I guess like the queen there's no queen is she she's there's so there's three quests besides the shoebill in the demo and one of them is N and Ninn the village leaders have a special anniversary festival that they're preparing for so Ninn is going throughout the village and making preparations for that while N is inside of the um like main town hall uh very you know he's upset because he loves his wife but he hates being tickled and she loves tickling him he doesn't know how to tell her. So that quest line triggers while you're exploring the town either you meet Ninn first or N first either way the quest triggers when you enter the town hall and see N talking to his father Abasen and his father gives him the advice to be stoic and to think of it like war training which is crazy but in any case Nabu overhears them and that sort of leads into you know while you're getting to know everybody inside of the town hall there's also the town scribe who's a friend of yours and you know that's like where you can do stuff. Outside of the town hall you meet Ninn while she's talking to the butcher um the butcher does have a name but I forgot her name right now. The butcher and the farmer are sisters and the baker is their brother and this is how you yeah wait maybe the baker and the fisher are brothers, the farmer and the butcher are sisters right okay so the baker and the bro so you leave the town hall and you meet Ninn she's talking to the butcher she's uh talking about the the meats and like the food that's being prepared blah blah blah you overhear them gossiping about how they've seen the farmer and the fisher hanging out lately but it didn't seem like friendly but it didn't seem unfriendly basically that there everybody seems confused. Or maybe scratch that scratch that scratch that. The farmer and the fisher questline is essentially you have to untangle a game of telephone that ended that resulted in the farmer and the fisher switching jobs being completely out of their depth. But in any case you meet Ninn and the butcher and the butcher makes some sort of a passing comment about either about yeah something about how fish getting good fish from the fisher has been like weird lately and confusing. I don't know like basically and then that leads you to kind of like in your little journal it says okay investigate this what's going on with this and then you have an opportunity to also talk to Ninn um which opens up the questline for that for Ninn and N and then the third quest for the demo is um Gilgrokmesh has started a toxic masculinity cult within the village children because Gilgrokmesh is actually Ninn and N's oldest son so and because he's so bumbling and useless pretty much he's mainly relegated to babysitting the village children and this uh creates a whole bunch of you know very funny opportunities but also a lot of great opportunities for learning. And in any case Ninn asks you if you can please go check on Gilgrokmesh and make sure that he is fairly distributing the afternoon snacks among the boys and the girls. So then you go to the like the village area where all the kids are and you find him standing in the center and he's telling an absurd story about how he got sucked into a beta cuck portal or something and yada yada yada he met the Big Bugatti in the sky. He's essentially trying to start a cult but he's also relying an actual experience that he had which is where you start getting hints about the full game. What happened to Gilgrokmesh was he was just you know walking along the river and um the containment boson eye in the sky whatever panopticon uh decides to fuck with him and sucks him up into a portal and spits him back out because he doesn't taste good like how sharks don't eat people they bite the people thinking that they're seals and then they don't like the taste and spit them out. But this happens again to him after um after the demo's finished or like right at the end of the demo because the demo okay yeah let's go back to that so that's so you see him he's talking about this and you click on each child and you you learn a little bit about the child and there is a pair of twins who are um Gilgrokmesh's younger siblings Gizal and Garza and you start getting hints that um Gizal doesn't realize that Gilgrokmesh isn't joking when he's saying all of these things about how boys are better than girls meanwhile you click Garza and realize that he's actually buying into it. Then you click around the rest of the village um and you go and you meet the village traveling trader Lunam Kita and he gives you a broken bone flute and like that's how you also learn like the trading system in the game and the economy um bartering for like other stuff cause there's like a lot of Skyrim and like Sims and like um the herbs sort of market economy dynamics. I don't know if there's going to be a currency or not but in any case he gives you the bone flute you can there's a little bit of dialogue and your dialogue choices sort of shape um your reputation among the clan and you hear the clacking again he gives you the bone flute it's broken he can't get a sound out of it there's funny back and forth between you and the trader eventually he gives you bone flute and you walk away with it. You are then sort of funneled to explore the outskirts of the town because you hear that clacking again and you go and as you're leaving the village perimeter you meet up with your hyena friend and you learn that the clan only or the village only tolerates your friendship with the local hyenas because um the hyenas don't steal or fuck with the village because of it. Um and so this also is an opportunity to bring stakes into the reputation if you start getting a bad enough reputation the village is going to start uh not tolerating the local hyena populations. Anyways you're exploring the outskirts of the village you learn mechanics like hunting yada yada yada as you are trying to follow the source of the clacking you learn the mechanics of foraging and like the humongous games click like you click a frog and it does a silly little spin but it doesn't really have any bearing on the game it kind of encourages you to click around. And after three screens you finally turn around and you are face to face with the biggest bird you have ever seen which is the shoebill stork and this is your first chance to interact with it and there is the courtship dynamic is established where you're talking to the bird you um you have the option to ask it to let it to let you scritch him. Uh you see if you have anything to offer in your inventory. You have a starting inventory um and you you you forage cave berries along the way so you have that in your inventory and you also have Gilgrokmesh's shoddy spear. So you give it the cave berries and it freaking loves those and you ask if you can scritch it it doesn't say anything you don't have anything else to offer it but Gilgrokmesh's shoddy spear it actually loves it and snatches it right up and like seems to be very charmed by the poor craftsmanship and since it won't let you scritch him and you don't have anything else to offer it you have to say goodbye and then you know you go back to the village and then a day cycle sets and that is sort of the long and short of how the demo beginsOh right, right right the important thing about the broken bone flute is that the shoe bills transformation into mechAnzu is triggered by her playing a melody on it so throughout the game, you fiddle with it and you’re able to get it to play properly, but obviously nobody you don’t know how to play the flute and you fiddle with it throughout and when your relationship with the shoe bill is high, enough a background trigger happens so that the next time you go to him, you have the option to try to play him a song and then yada yada yada that’s sort of how the demo ends because you don’t really have any inkling of the backrooms or the glitching timeline or any of the actual like juice of the plot of the story really until near the end it’s sort of like I once had an idea for a short film, a short horror film where that sort of like an allegory for abusive relationships but that’s not the point but it’s like a woman wakes up every morning and there’s like just one detail about her environment that’s different like maybe it starts with a different lamp and then the next morning is a different lamp and the shelf. The sofa is a different shade of purple and unless you’re like a super observant viewer, you’re not gonna notice it until the changes accumulate enough meanwhile everybody else is acting like everything is OK. It’s sort of trickles like that because there’s a day and night cycle and you can in the demo. You can go through 100 day and night cycles without triggering the end of the demo like you can just have fun exploring and foraging the areas that aren’t locked and stuff, but you could also run through it like in maybe seven day and night cycles for the point is is that slowly but surely you start noticing that things are historically inaccurate when you’re hunting there’s gonna be megaphone and even dinosaurs and also cause it’s very cartoony like I use 3-D GIFs alongside 2-D pixel graphics and it’s like a horribly clashing mix of 1998 Internet and Y2K frutiger aeroy cursed lisa frank stuff so like when you’re hunting and seven in the background in water, there will be like a sort of hidden mermaid GIF that doesn’t do anything. It doesn’t have any lower behind it but it’s a lot like in the humongous games where you just kind of click and stuff happens super interactive and as you do that you start to realize stuff isn’t right like when you are learning, different skills, etc., and in the background of a lot of of the nature shots you see a volcano that’s erupting or a glitching ziggurat they’re the same structure and you get the sense that nobody cares that there’s like interrupting volcano and you don’t really realize that they’re the same structure until you get near the end of the game because at the end of the game once the transformation is triggered the Panopticon then sucks you and mechanzu into the back rooms and gilgrokmesh comes looking for you to annoy you because there’s a whole dynamic that’s going on where he has a redemption arc in the back rooms because you have to rescue him and it’s comparable to ken’s journey in Barbie 2023, but there’s also you know that’s also kind of like a side plot n  had a great idea the panopticon is just a spherical eye and gilgrokmesh calls it the bugatti in the sky sphere bugatti bugatti sphere buga the 2025 buga sphere ooga booga sphere lmao
- [ ] nabu
- [ ] clan shaman
- [ ] gilgrokmesh cheiftans eldest offspring
- [ ] -toddler 2 male “
- [ ] -young boy 1 “simush”
- [ ] - young boy 2”dagrim”
- [ ] - young girl 1-“Henbur”
- [ ] - young girl 2 “biluda”
- [ ] - older boy “Penzer”
- [ ] -older girl “namluh”
- [ ] clan chieftain en
- [ ] chieftain spouse nin
- [ ] chieftains twin daughter (older girl 1) Gizzal
- [ ] cheiftain twin son(older boy 1) “garza”
- [ ] market lu-namkita
- [ ]
- [ ] -butcher nin-tabira
- [ ] -general raw goods
- [ ] curios
- [ ] herbalist
- [ ] smithing
- [ ] schooling
- [ ] training
- [x]  -toddler 1 female “Didila”
relationship and representations among clans other tribes animals and local animals  never romantic.
Meat and/or veg/herb + water  = soup/broth
namluh is the bakers kid biluda and simrush are the farmers kids gizzal garza and gilgrokmesh are siblings idk who didila and dagrim will belong to i feel like i need more peripheral kids just a few but this is like the koolkidzkrew oh wait no thats kkk umm how about mötleykül cuz theyre a mixed bag and they are cool and motley crue doesnt exist [this is my fantasy] anyway t he point remains we need a kid that gets bullied we need more victims of gilgrokmeshs cult oh ya and poenzer and henbur hmmm i need more adults too i have a p limited roster rn need to have npcs to give miniquests and spread lore

Anything gilgrokmesh experiences comedically and cartoonishly is depicted as slowgrind harrowing madnessnfor nabu and anzu so their abduction is much more cinematic as well they get separated in the backrooms its just like the regular game but WRONG and also sometimes youll glitch into the pea parable universe or the hyena diva universe since mickey mouse is common domain now fuck it sometimes yr suddenly with steamboat willy i’ve decided to put all of my attention into making the demo because my ideas and plans and like everything that I want to convey for the larger game was just too big and I was having a really hard time so I decided to challenge myself by boiling it all down to a demo because like I gave you like a list of like different skills and materials and things like that I want that to have a play in the back rooms. Also, they started out as a visual novel and is slowly becoming like. the video game ive always wanted fun fact I don’t like video games but it’s not because I don’t want to. I don’t really like playing I like the Sims and Skyrim and urbz and sid meiers pirates. and a few ithers but even those I can’t imagine spending 24 hours locked in a video game, but I would like to do that. I mean, I did that I guess when I was a kid and simon was still like a new saying but the franchise just got worse and worse I guess all the games that I’ve mentioned our games that I’ve spent hours and hours and hours and hours and hours playing, but I played myself out.
One thing I’m having a hard time napping out in a way that makes sense enough to me is how exactly the farmer and the fisher get mixed up. I know it’s just gonna be a series of gossip like after you hear the clacking and you get the spear you essentially get funneled into the village and encourage to sort of click around and get you started and you start gathering gossip and the farmer is the butchers sister and the Fisher is the baker’s brother. The farmer and Butcher are twin girls. The fisher and the baker are brothers anyway NIN is going around getting details together for the festival blah blah blah you hear are you overhear  the butcher warning nin that she’s better off with red meat instead of fish because of some blah blah blah blah blah something weird now I’m confused myself. I’m not sure if the fisher on the farmer are siblings and the butcher and the baker are siblings. I had it figured out so essentially one of them is telling NIN something something and then as NIN asks you to go check and make sure that the snacks are being distributed properly what it was is that I believe it’s I decided that the butcher tells you lunamkita is back in the village from a long travel and he brought her some very interesting meats to check out again saying you’re better off because she has no idea what’s going on with the fish selection right now lol something like that something like that I like it Cuz butcher and Baker and farmer and Fisher are B and F and their brothers and sisters and there’s something else I don’t know
essentially, they have to this is where the urbz/skyrim social mechanics come in where you have to socialize and talk to as many people as you can to sort of source the origin point of the confusion I’m thinking for the demo 3 to 5° of separation from the farmer and the Fisher so like you’ll have to discover or uncover 3 to 5 details in order to sort of unkink the tangled cord of the telephone, and you have to do it in time for the Big festival, which obviously never gets triggered until you finish it but yeah, I may actually play with like much later iteration of the game where you don’t do it in time but there’s gonna be lots of other things that’ll compensate
yes so penzer and henbur have a budding romance that gets affected by gils cult im thinking penzer isa nto down but henbur gets wrapped up in it and tried to be tradwife sedanlife for penzer on their dates and puts penzer off but he cant articulate why

im thinking as a response to gil whos only slightly older he doesnt have any other metric because the village is more or less gender unconcious for better and for worse hence en being unable to say he hates being tickled but also gils cult is gneuinely novel conceptually to the villagers so instead he clunkily overcorrects and just everything extreme to the opposite gilgrokmesh says table manners are for sissies? penzer accidentally creates the first ettiquette and becomes the first human to gasp at elbows on tables [controlfreask lol]philosophies gilgrokmesh says boys smell like sweat and butt penzer wears garlands of sickly blossoms that are overly pungent [nauseating] gilgrokmesh says boys take what they want penzer asks three times before accepting a yes [annoying lol] etc
oh even betetr perhaps penzer and henbur both become performative and put eachother off throgh inauthenticity should penzer try out gils cult or go the opposite extreme and go toooo softboi like imagine theyre crushing on eahvc other watching eahcother naturally but on the first date the performance happens its a common trope but we can spice it up
im gnna have the butcher be the fishers sister and the baker and the farmer siblings it keeps the B+F structure and also gives compatible professions to siblings also i renamed the fisher from lunamkua whish is too close to lunamkita i changed it to urgalkua eluding to him be a lion to the fish or a lionfish lol instead of just a fishman or man of fish new additions we hjave a baker sprite woodworker potter drummer coppercaster and something i dont rmemeber lol

so this is the lead in to the scene witht he fisher the fox didila so im gonna make a series of quests if u remember that nin is going around making plans for the aniversary special and asks you to bring snack and check on gilgrokmesh whos relegated to babysittier cuz hes useless hes nins firstborn and shes concerned hes not distributing the snacks fairly hinting at his burgeoning sexism but first you need to go to the cooking areas and get the snacks where you come upon zibatum cooking im still working on the dialogue so ill have nabu say sure but i have to being snacks and she'll say okay and bring you to her home and then im thinking theyll ask you to bring didila with you to the nursery she satyed home because of the new fox and when you bring her back that wilkl trigger who let the fox outand nabu and ill end that sequence
oh i mean when didila goes home the fox goes missing in the time shes at the nursery ims till working out a streamline sequence that has the player move through all of the major village hubs within the first liek hour or whatever of gamepolay like a nonintrusive ingame tutorial thats disguised as well gameplay and not annoying or feeling compulsory
so gamestart nabu is sleeping and woken by the clacking assumes its gilgroklmesh goes back to sleep woken again this time it really is gilgrokmesh showing his shoddy spear as u know by then the investigate mysterious clacking quest has been triggered which elegantly segues you into exploring and sicne youve never heard the sound you dont figure its natural ie an animal so you go around the village im thinking you decide to ask your friend the scribe if they know what could make that sound and find him in the main hall scribing while abbasen gives en the stoicism advice en is worried cuz he hates beign tickled and its his anniversary he knows hes got it coming you decide since inimdub the scribe is busy you go looking for nin im thinking this will trigger a quest maybe soemthing like d'oh you forgot about it you had better offer help prepping since yr aslready precaious place in the village due to the hyenas which i keep fortgetting to integrate so thats elegant too and then that prompots you to go looking for nin and you find her int he square talking to the butcher who is gossping with nin and shes warning nin that the fish supply has been a little weird lately and she advises to not go seafood for the festival this further hinting at the fisher farmer kerfluffle hey maybe she should express concern for her brother insetad of her fish butchering supply? i want it to be silly like before i worke dout the sibling relationships i was gnna be like the butcher is confused about getting loaves of liek bungeo-ppang instead of actual fiashes which actually i can still do since we have a baker int he mix but like i said at some point this is the single main quest that im having trouble unfolding without it feeling so on the nose forced obvious or hokey like i want there to be an actually msyetry developing not just the farmer and fisher are switched outright but you get hints about it building up until its the fisher checking wind knots before seed scatters etc


# Gilgrokmesh Encounter
## Start
**Gilgrokmesh:**
“Listen up, Nabu. While you’re out here being a woke beta and befriending hyenas, I’m escaping the Cave-Matrix! Behold—the Alpha Spear! Top-tier merch. You need this if you want high-value gatherer status.”
**Options:**
* “Wow, Gilgrokmesh! I’ve never seen a stick with a rock tied so… loosely to it. Simply incredible.” → **Sarcastic Praise**
* “That looks like you chewed on a branch and stuck a pebble to it with mud, you absolute clown.” → **Insult**
* *[Stare blankly at him and his sad stick.]* → **Silence**
---
## Sarcastic Praise
“Exactly! Only a true High-Value Hunter understands such peak craftsmanship. I’ll let you hold onto this prototype so you can manifest my grindset. Catch you later, brokey!”
*[Pick up the shoddy spear as he struts away.]*
→ **End Conversation**
## Insult
“You’re just intimidated by my overwhelming masculine aura! Whatever—keep the spear. Maybe it’ll cure your woke mindset! I’m off to do cave-pushups.”
## Silence
“Too stunned to speak? Classic female reaction to pure apex dominance. I’ll leave this here so you can admire it. Don’t touch it with your unwashed hyena hands! I’m out!”
Lunamkita Encounter
Start
Lunamkita:
“Ah, Nabu! Come here, come here. I’ve got something for you.”
Options:
“What did you find this time, Lunamkita?” → Introduce Flute
“I hope it’s not another cursed artifact…” → Cursed Artifact
Introduce Flute
“I found this flute out in the sands of Kur-Zu. Odd thing. Stubborn thing. Thought of you immediately. Doesn’t work.”
“That is not how gifts are supposed to be introduced…” → Cursed Artifact
“Then why give it to me?” → Why Nabu
“You really do save the strangest junk for me.” → End Conversation
Cursed Artifact
“It’s just a little flute I found out in the sands of Kur-Zu. It doesn’t work, but it’s definitely not cursed… well, probably.”
“If it bites, I’m leaving.” → Why Nabu
“You really do save the strangest junk for me.” → Why Nabu
Why Nabu
“I am giving it to the one person I know who never mistakes useless for worthless.”
“Well… can’t argue with that logic. I think?” → Take Flute
“Are you sure?” → Take Flute
Take Flute
“Take it. If it squeals, it was never mine. If it sings, I shall claim I recognized its greatness all along.”
“…Fine. I’ll take your cursed little garbage flute.” → End Conversation
“YOINK” → End Conversation
# Shoebill Conversation
**Shoebill:**
*[The shoebill stares expectantly.]*
* “What a pretty bird you are…” → **Compliment**
* “Would you like a treat?” → **Offer Treat**
* “Won’t you let me scritch you?” → **Ask to Scritch**
* “I’d better not bother you…” → **Goodbye**
## Compliment
*[The bird blinks in acknowledgment and begins to preen with a blushing glow.]*
## Offer Treat
*[The bird’s eyes perk up as if to say, “Okay, whatcha got?”]*
* “How about some caveberries?” → **Give Berries**
* “Besides berries, all I have is Gilgrokmesh’s shoddy spear…” → **Give Spear**
* “I guess I’ve got nothing…” → **Goodbye**
## Give Berries
*[The bird’s entire body seems to glow as it gobbles up the berries with no shame or manners.]*
* “Well, that’s all for today!” → **Goodbye**
## Give Spear
*[It seems charmed by Gilgrokmesh’s… er… craftsmanship.]*
## Ask to Scritch
*[The bird blinks but doesn’t seem interested.]*
## Goodbye
*[The bird looks almost sad before returning to its birdly business.]*
**Option:**
* “I’ll be back…” → **End Conversation**


Zibatum
Portrait
Left
Ah, Nabu! Come smell this spice, isn't it simply intoxicating?
But will it intoxicate me?
→
Zibatum: Eh? Oh! Not this, th...
5
Wow I didn't know mother earth made such noxious smells...
→
Zibatum: I think you mean you...
Relationship:
Zibatum
Change:
-5
Add Choice
Zibatum
Eh? Oh! Not this, though the main note comes from a plant related to your beloved Cannabud Flower. 
New Choice
Zibatum
I think you mean yourself- and it's pronounced OBnoxious...
Consider me cooked, Zibatum. Speaking of, what's boiling here? Whatever it is , I can tell you it smells better than the herbs that make it!
→
Yikes, my bad. It's er...very medicinal smelling. Anyway what's cooking?
→
End Conversation
Zibatum
Portrait
Left
Set as Start
Oh, just boiling fish guts and heads for my daughter's new friend - a fox we've named Amet. Urgalkua found it orphaned in the reeds last week and Didila fell in love instantly. 
→Fish heads, fish heads Roly-poly fish heads Fish heads, fish heads Eat them up, yum!
Zibatum
Portrait
Left
Set as Start
In the morning, laughing, happy fish heads
In the evening, floating in the soup! Hahaha...well I'm just about finished here. Would you mind helping me carry them home? I'll make it worth your time!